docs/en/examples/integrations/django.md, before:

# Интеграция с Django

На данный момент в `QTasks` реализована одна основная функция интеграции
с Django: **`autodiscover_tasks`**.

---

## 📌 Что делает autodiscover\_tasks?

Эта функция автоматически импортирует указанные модули (например, `tasks.py`) из
всех приложений, перечисленных в `INSTALLED_APPS`.
Таким образом задачи регистрируются в QTasks без необходимости ручного подключения.

Сигнатура функции:

```python
def autodiscover_tasks(app, modules: List[str] = ["tasks"]):
    """Автоматически импортирует указанные модули из всех INSTALLED_APPS,
    чтобы зарегистрировать задачи в QTasks.

    Args:
        app (QueueTasks): приложение.
        modules (List[str]): Модули для автодискавери. По умолчанию: ["tasks"].
    """
```

📖 Подробное описание доступно в [API → autodiscover\_tasks](../../api/libraries/django.md).

---

## 🔧 Как использовать

В `settings.py`:

```python
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    "django.contrib.admin",
    "django.contrib.auth",
    "myapp",  # здесь будет tasks.py
]
```

В `myapp/tasks.py`:

```python
from qtasks import QueueTasks

app = QueueTasks()

@app.task
def hello(name: str):
    return f"Hello, {name}!"
```

В `manage.py` или основном модуле проекта:

```python
from qtasks.contrib.django import autodiscover_tasks
from qtasks import QueueTasks

app = QueueTasks()
autodiscover_tasks(app)
```

После вызова `autodiscover_tasks(app)` все задачи из `tasks.py` будут автоматически
зарегистрированы и доступны для выполнения.

---

## ✅ Итоги

* `autodiscover_tasks` ищет `tasks.py` (или другие модули, если указаны) во всех
приложениях `INSTALLED_APPS`.
* Это упрощает интеграцию QTasks в проекты Django.
* Не нужно вручную регистрировать задачи — достаточно создать их в `tasks.py` внутри
каждого приложения.

Commit message:

feat(docs): Add comprehensive documentation for QTasks architecture and features
- Introduced sections on integration with libraries, task execution lifecycle, and contexts.
- Documented the Depends mechanism for managed task dependencies.
- Added details on Pydantic integration for automatic parameter validation.
- Explained the State mechanism for secure data transfer between tasks.
- Included information on the Stats component for application diagnostics.
- Described the task decorator and its parameters, along with the timer functionality.
- Elaborated on generator tasks with yield support for streaming results.

docs/en/examples/integrations/django.md, after:

# Integration with Django

Currently, QTasks implements one main integration feature with Django: **autodiscover_tasks**.

---

## 📌 What does autodiscover_tasks do?

This function automatically imports the specified modules (e.g., `tasks.py`) from
all applications listed in `INSTALLED_APPS`.
This way, tasks are registered in QTasks without the need for manual connection.
Function signature:

```python
def autodiscover_tasks(app, modules: List[str] = ["tasks"]):
    """Automatically imports the specified modules from all INSTALLED_APPS
    to register tasks in QTasks.

    Args:
        app (QueueTasks): application.
        modules (List[str]): Modules for autodiscovery. Default: ["tasks"].
"""
```

📖 A detailed description is available in [API → autodiscover_tasks](../../api/libraries/django.md).

---

## 🔧 How to use

In `settings.py`:

```python
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    "django.contrib.admin",
    "django.contrib.auth",
    "myapp",  # tasks.py will be here
]
```

In `myapp/tasks.py`:

```python
from qtasks import QueueTasks

app = QueueTasks()

@app.task
def hello(name: str):
    return f"Hello, {name}!"
```

In `manage.py` or the main module of the project:

```python
from qtasks.contrib.django import autodiscover_tasks
from qtasks import QueueTasks

app = QueueTasks()
autodiscover_tasks(app)
```

After calling `autodiscover_tasks(app)`, all tasks from `tasks.py` will be automatically
registered and available for execution.

---

## ✅ Summary

* `autodiscover_tasks` searches for `tasks.py` (or other modules, if specified)
in all `INSTALLED_APPS` applications.
* This simplifies the integration of QTasks into Django projects.
* There is no need to manually register tasks — simply create them in `tasks.py`
within each application.
